updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#17399)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/how-to-animate-a-boolean-by-using-key-frames.md

 [!code-vb[keyframes_snip#BooleanAnimationUsingKeyFramesWholePage](~/samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_Wpf/keyframes_snip/visualbasic/booleananimationusingkeyframesexample.vb#booleananimationusingkeyframeswholepage)]
 [!code-xaml[keyframes_snip#BooleanAnimationUsingKeyFramesWholePage](~/samples/snippets/xaml/VS_Snippets_Wpf/keyframes_snip/XAML/BooleanAnimationUsingKeyFramesExample.xaml#booleananimationusingkeyframeswholepage)]  
  

>  For the complete sample, see [KeyFrame Animation Sample](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/master/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_Wpf/keyframes_snip/CSharp).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For the complete sample, see [KeyFrame Animation Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Animation/KeyFrameAnimation).  
```
